README.md, before:

# SkipDropshipCompany

A Lethal Company mod that skip the dropship when you're on the Company or in other limited situations.

## Features

### Direct Ship Delivery

Purchased items are delivered directly to your ship instead of being delivered by dropship.

#### When It Activates

This feature activates when any of these conditions are met:

- In orbit on the first day
- While landed on the Company
- In orbit on the next day after landing on the Company, still routing to the Company (current session only)

## Credit

Highly inspired by the following project.

- [InstantBuy by nexor-source](https://github.com/nexor-source/InstantBuy)

## Development

Install .NET SDK 9.0.

- <https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/9.0>

Install Lethal Company v73 via Steam.

Restore NuGet packages.

```powershell
dotnet restore --locked-mode
```

## Code format

```powershell
dotnet format
```

## Package management

To update the lock file after modifying your package references, run:

```powershell
dotnet restore --use-lock-file
```

## GitHub Actions

The repository uses GitHub Actions for CI.

The version of the actions are pinned with [pinact](https://github.com/suzuki-shunsuke/pinact).

```powershell
# Pin
pinact run

# Update
pinact run --update
```

## Build

```powershell
# Debug build
DOTNET_CLI_UI_LANGUAGE=en dotnet build

# Release build
DOTNET_CLI_UI_LANGUAGE=en dotnet build --configuration Release
```

## Release

1. Replace version in `SkipDropshipCompany/SkipDropshipCompany.csproj` as semver format, e.g. `1.2.3`.
2. Commit and push the changes.
3. CI will create a GitHub Release automatically.
4. Download the release artifact from the GitHub Release page.
5. Upload the artifact to Thunderstore. **NOTE: prerelease version is not supported, e.g. `1.2.3-beta.1`.**

## Debugging

### r2modman

1. Open r2modman.
2. Open `Config editor`.
3. Open `BeplnEx\config\BepInEx.cfg` in the config list.
4. Set `Logging.Console.LogLevels` to `All`.
5. Open `Settings > Import local mod`.
6. Select the DLL file from `bin/Debug/netstandard2.1/`.
7. Click `Start modded`.

### Manual

1. Install BeplnEx: https://docs.bepinex.dev/articles/user_guide/installation/index.html
2. Launch `Lethal Company.exe` and exit to generate the BeplnEx config files.
3. Open `C:/Program Files (x86)/Steam/steamapps/common/Lethal Company/BeplnEx/config/BepInEx.cfg`.
4. Copy the DLL file into `C:/Program Files (x86)/Steam/steamapps/common/Lethal Company/BepInEx/plugins/` from `bin/Debug/netstandard2.1/`.
5. Set `Logging.Console.Enabled` to `true`.
6. Set `Logging.Console.LogLevels` to `All`.
7. Launch `Lethal Company.exe` again.

## Test Scenarios

### 1. Purchase on the first day orbit

1. Start a new game.
2. Open the terminal.
3. Issue a command: `wal`.
4. Confirm that a walkie is spawned on the ship.

### 2. Purchase on the first day orbit after routed

1. Start a new game.
2. Open the terminal.
3. Issue a command: `ass`.
4. Issue a command: `wal`.
5. Confirm that a walkie is spawned on the ship.

### 3. Purchase on the first day company

1. Start a new game.
2. Open the terminal.
3. Issue a command: `comp`.
4. Land on `Gordion`.
5. Open the terminal.
6. Issue a command: `wal`.
7. Confirm that a walkie is spawned on the ship.

### 4. Purchase on the first day moon

1. Start a new game.
2. Land on `Experimentation`.
3. Open the terminal.
4. Issue a command: `wal`.
5. Issue a command: `help`.
6. Confirm that the terminal shows `1 purchased items on route.`.

### 5. Purchase on the second day orbit after landing on the company

1. Start a new game.
2. Open the terminal.
3. Issue a command: `comp`.
4. Land on `Gordion`.
5. Take off.
6. Open the terminal.
7. Issue a command: `wal`.
8. Confirm that a walkie is spawned on the ship.

### 6. Purchase on the second day orbit after landing on a moon

1. Start a new game.
2. Land on `Experimentation`.
3. Take off.
4. Open the terminal.
5. Issue a command: `wal`.
6. Issue a command: `help`.
7. Confirm that the terminal shows `1 purchased items on route.`.

### 7. Purchase on the third day orbit after landing on the company

1. Start a new game.
2. Land on `Experimentation`.
3. Take off.
4. Open the terminal.
5. Issue a command: `comp`.
6. Land on `Gordion`.
7. Take off.
8. Open the terminal.
9. Issue a command: `wal`.
10. Confirm that a walkie is spawned on the ship.

### 8. Purchase on the third day orbit after landing on the company and routing to a moon

1. Start a new game.
2. Land on `Experimentation`.
3. Take off.
4. Open the terminal.
5. Issue a command: `comp`.
6. Land on `Gordion`.
7. Take off.
8. Open the terminal.
9. Issue a command: `exp`.
10. Issue a command: `wal`.
11. Issue a command: `help`.
12. Confirm that the terminal shows `1 purchased items on route.`.

### 9. Purchase on the first day after ejected

1. Start a new game.
2. Land on `Experimentation`.
3. Take off.
4. Open the terminal.
5. Issue a command: `eject`.
6. Wait until ejection is completed.
7. Open the terminal.
8. Issue a command: `wal`.
9. Confirm that a walkie is spawned on the ship.

### 10. Purchase on the second day orbit then land on the company

1. Start a new game.
2. Land on `Experimentation`.
3. Take off.
4. Open the terminal.
5. Issue a command: `wal`.
6. Issue a command: `help`.
7. Confirm that the terminal shows `1 purchased items on route.`.
8. Issue a command: `comp`.
9. Land on `Gordion`.
10. Confirm that the dropship arrives and contains a walkie.

### 11. Purchase on the second day orbit then land and purchase on the company

1. Start a new game.
2. Land on `Experimentation`.
3. Take off.
4. Open the terminal.
5. Issue a command: `wal`.
6. Issue a command: `help`.
7. Confirm that the terminal shows `1 purchased items on route.`.
8. Issue a command: `comp`.
9. Pull the lever to land on `Gordion`.
10. Open the terminal and Issue a command `wal` before the dropship arrives.
11. Issue a command: `help`.
12. Confirm that the terminal does not show `purchased items on route.`.
13. Confirm that two walkies are spawned on the ship.

Commit message:

docs: who needs to install

README.md, after:

# SkipDropshipCompany

A Lethal Company mod that skip the dropship when you're on the Company or in other limited situations.

## What it does

- Direct Ship Delivery: Purchased items are delivered directly to your ship instead of being delivered by dropship.

## When it activates

Direct ship delivery feature activates when any of these conditions are met:

- In orbit on the first day
- While landed on the Company
- In orbit on the next day after landing on the Company, still routing to the Company (in the same session only)

## Who needs to install

Host only. Clients do not need to install this mod, but it's safe to install on clients as it will have no effect.

If clients (including non-modded) purchase items, the direct ship delivery feature will also work for them.

## Credit

Highly inspired by the following project.

- [InstantBuy by nexor-source](https://github.com/nexor-source/InstantBuy)

## Development

Install .NET SDK 9.0.

- <https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/9.0>

Install Lethal Company v73 via Steam.

Restore NuGet packages.

```powershell
dotnet restore --locked-mode
```

## Code format

```powershell
dotnet format
```

## Package management

To update the lock file after modifying your package references, run:

```powershell
dotnet restore --use-lock-file
```

## GitHub Actions

The repository uses GitHub Actions for CI.

The version of the actions are pinned with [pinact](https://github.com/suzuki-shunsuke/pinact).

```powershell
# Pin
pinact run

# Update
pinact run --update
```

## Build

```powershell
# Debug build
DOTNET_CLI_UI_LANGUAGE=en dotnet build

# Release build
DOTNET_CLI_UI_LANGUAGE=en dotnet build --configuration Release
```

## Release

1. Replace version in `SkipDropshipCompany/SkipDropshipCompany.csproj` as semver format, e.g. `1.2.3`.
2. Commit and push the changes.
3. CI will create a GitHub Release automatically.
4. Download the release artifact from the GitHub Release page.
5. Upload the artifact to Thunderstore. **NOTE: prerelease version is not supported, e.g. `1.2.3-beta.1`.**

## Debugging

### r2modman

1. Open r2modman.
2. Open `Config editor`.
3. Open `BeplnEx\config\BepInEx.cfg` in the config list.
4. Set `Logging.Console.LogLevels` to `All`.
5. Open `Settings > Import local mod`.
6. Select the DLL file from `bin/Debug/netstandard2.1/`.
7. Click `Start modded`.

### Manual

1. Install BeplnEx: https://docs.bepinex.dev/articles/user_guide/installation/index.html
2. Launch `Lethal Company.exe` and exit to generate the BeplnEx config files.
3. Open `C:/Program Files (x86)/Steam/steamapps/common/Lethal Company/BeplnEx/config/BepInEx.cfg`.
4. Copy the DLL file into `C:/Program Files (x86)/Steam/steamapps/common/Lethal Company/BepInEx/plugins/` from `bin/Debug/netstandard2.1/`.
5. Set `Logging.Console.Enabled` to `true`.
6. Set `Logging.Console.LogLevels` to `All`.
7. Launch `Lethal Company.exe` again.

## Test Scenarios

### 1. Purchase on the first day orbit

1. Start a new game.
2. Open the terminal.
3. Issue a command: `wal`.
4. Confirm that a walkie is spawned on the ship.

### 2. Purchase on the first day orbit after routed

1. Start a new game.
2. Open the terminal.
3. Issue a command: `ass`.
4. Issue a command: `wal`.
5. Confirm that a walkie is spawned on the ship.

### 3. Purchase on the first day company

1. Start a new game.
2. Open the terminal.
3. Issue a command: `comp`.
4. Land on `Gordion`.
5. Open the terminal.
6. Issue a command: `wal`.
7. Confirm that a walkie is spawned on the ship.

### 4. Purchase on the first day moon

1. Start a new game.
2. Land on `Experimentation`.
3. Open the terminal.
4. Issue a command: `wal`.
5. Issue a command: `help`.
6. Confirm that the terminal shows `1 purchased items on route.`.

### 5. Purchase on the second day orbit after landing on the company

1. Start a new game.
2. Open the terminal.
3. Issue a command: `comp`.
4. Land on `Gordion`.
5. Take off.
6. Open the terminal.
7. Issue a command: `wal`.
8. Confirm that a walkie is spawned on the ship.

### 6. Purchase on the second day orbit after landing on a moon

1. Start a new game.
2. Land on `Experimentation`.
3. Take off.
4. Open the terminal.
5. Issue a command: `wal`.
6. Issue a command: `help`.
7. Confirm that the terminal shows `1 purchased items on route.`.

### 7. Purchase on the third day orbit after landing on the company

1. Start a new game.
2. Land on `Experimentation`.
3. Take off.
4. Open the terminal.
5. Issue a command: `comp`.
6. Land on `Gordion`.
7. Take off.
8. Open the terminal.
9. Issue a command: `wal`.
10. Confirm that a walkie is spawned on the ship.

### 8. Purchase on the third day orbit after landing on the company and routing to a moon

1. Start a new game.
2. Land on `Experimentation`.
3. Take off.
4. Open the terminal.
5. Issue a command: `comp`.
6. Land on `Gordion`.
7. Take off.
8. Open the terminal.
9. Issue a command: `exp`.
10. Issue a command: `wal`.
11. Issue a command: `help`.
12. Confirm that the terminal shows `1 purchased items on route.`.

### 9. Purchase on the first day after ejected

1. Start a new game.
2. Land on `Experimentation`.
3. Take off.
4. Open the terminal.
5. Issue a command: `eject`.
6. Wait until ejection is completed.
7. Open the terminal.
8. Issue a command: `wal`.
9. Confirm that a walkie is spawned on the ship.

### 10. Purchase on the second day orbit then land on the company

1. Start a new game.
2. Land on `Experimentation`.
3. Take off.
4. Open the terminal.
5. Issue a command: `wal`.
6. Issue a command: `help`.
7. Confirm that the terminal shows `1 purchased items on route.`.
8. Issue a command: `comp`.
9. Land on `Gordion`.
10. Confirm that the dropship arrives and contains a walkie.

### 11. Purchase on the second day orbit then land and purchase on the company

1. Start a new game.
2. Land on `Experimentation`.
3. Take off.
4. Open the terminal.
5. Issue a command: `wal`.
6. Issue a command: `help`.
7. Confirm that the terminal shows `1 purchased items on route.`.
8. Issue a command: `comp`.
9. Pull the lever to land on `Gordion`.
10. Open the terminal and Issue a command `wal` before the dropship arrives.
11. Issue a command: `help`.
12. Confirm that the terminal does not show `purchased items on route.`.
13. Confirm that two walkies are spawned on the ship.
